I've always had an interest in technology and building things with a construction-oriented mindset from the 
time I was a little kid. However, math never came easily to me, so I wrote off any kind of engineering (including software)
for fear I wouldn't be capable of a career that had anything to do with anything remotely related to engineering. 
Fast forward a few years and after studying health sciences in undergrad, I applied to, and was accepted to several 
graduate programs for physical therapy. After a year of attending however, I ultimately decided I was not following 
the right path for me. While I was in school though, I by chance discovered codecademy, which sparked my interest and 
got me hooked on coding. I juggled working full time and coding in my free time, using resources like codecademy, the 
odin project, and freecodecamp. After moving home to Connecticut again in July 2020 (where I'm currently located), I 
decided now was my best chance to really see what coding was about, 
so I enrolled in Thinkful's remote coding bootcamp, and here I am now!

Whenever I have some free time I try to focus on my physical and mental health. I ran cross country in college
and have kept running since then. I'm also an avid rock climber and cycle for cross training. 
Since starting coding, I've been self-directing my studies for nearly a year, 
developing a strong foundation of web development basics before I began the Bloc program. 
Now having started, being given some true direction for my learning, and working with my mentor,
my excitement for web development has only increased. I understand now more than ever just how much more
I have to learn. But now, rather than finding it daunting, I find it promising and exciting. The other 
big insight I've gained thus far is how important it is to work well collaboratively with others. As the scale
of my projects increase both in size and complexity, it has become more apparent how much more could be 
accomplished if teamwork with other developers could be utilized properly! While my skill set is 
still growing, Currently I'd be happy to create website projects using: